Uplevel the Alpha Grafiti (#18)
Hurleveur/endless-sky: data/hai/unfettered 1 alphas.txt

			label "okay boy!"
			action
				set "unfettered: it's the Alphas!"

> 			`The coordinates lead you to an enclave on the fringes of town. It's an outdoor beer garden and the regulars eye you with suspicion. You order a drink and grab a table. No one approaches you, so you just look around and people watch. The only thing that catches your eye is a mural painted on the wall of the building opposite. It's a take on St George fighting the dragon. But in this version, the dragon has a plasma rifle and St George has green skin.`

Reviewer: I do like this angle on things, a lot, actually. Really good use of iconography to showcase growing religious reverence for Alohas within this pirate sect.

But I'm not sure George as dragon slayer is a common enough reference today (much less in another thousand years) to be explicitly recognized without reference like this. How about describing the scene itself a bit more, and either appeal the Alpha's description to something iconic to George specifically (though I don't know it well enough to say what that might be), or have it simply include a title.

In expanding that, perhaps instead of it referring to it directly as a plasma cannon, it's instead "similar to a plasma cannon, but [xyz differences]", geared towards appealing to a thermal repeater or rifle?

Reviewer 2: There is a lot of potential here indeed
Issue is if its recent it'd prob be touchy and if its old it will be forgotten, except if it is really iconic.

It does need to be clear for any humans though, even if it takes a bit of thinking

> 			`The coordinates lead you to an enclave on the fringes of town. It's an outdoor beer garden and the regulars eye you with suspicion. You order a drink and grab a table. No one approaches you, so you just look around and people watch. The only thing that catches your eye is a mural painted on the wall of the building opposite. It's a take on St George fighting the dragon. But in this version, the dragon has a plasma rifle and St George has green skin.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`The coordinates lead you to an enclave on the fringes of town. It's an outdoor beer garden and the regulars eye you with suspicion. You order a drink and grab a table. No one approaches you, so you just look around and watch locals pass by. The only thing that catches your eye is a mural painted on the wall of the building opposite. It's a take on St George fighting the dragon. But in this version, the dragon has a plasma rifle and St George has green skin.`
```
Let's also swap that. "Peoplewatching" [the correct form to mirror "birdwatching"] is a recognized term these days, but it's still pretty informal and confusing contextually even for those familiar with it. My autocorrect doesn't recognize it but does "birdwatching," for example.

			label "okay boy!"
			action
				set "unfettered: it's the Alphas!"

> 			`The coordinates lead you to an enclave on the fringes of town. It's an outdoor beer garden and the regulars eye you with suspicion. You order a drink and grab a table. No one approaches you, so you just look around and watch people come and go. The only thing that catches your eye is a mural painted on the wall of the building opposite. It reminds you of ancient illustrations you've seen of a knight fighting a dragon. But in this version, the knight is wearing light battle armor and hovering with some kind of jet pack. His lance is made of a stream of shots from a Hai pulse rifle. You can't see wings on the dragon, but it has a weapon firing bright red lines of what must be plasma.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`The coordinates lead you to an enclave on the fringes of town. It's an outdoor beer garden, and the regulars eye you with suspicion. You order a drink and grab a table. No one approaches you, so you just look around and watch people come and go. The only thing that catches your eye is a mural painted on the wall of the building opposite. It reminds you of ancient illustrations you've seen of a knight fighting a dragon. But in this version, the knight is wearing light battle armor and hovering with some kind of jet pack. His lance is made of a stream of shots from a Hai pulse rifle. You can't see wings on the dragon, but it has a weapon firing bright red lines of what must be plasma.`
```

Liking this a lot :D
